---
title: 'Artify’s Work at CHONC'
date: '2024-11-01'
published: true
---

At Artify, we believe that expressing creativity through art is a powerful tool for self-expression. Since the beginning of this year, our dedicated volunteers have been visiting CHONC Pediatric Hospital once a week to provide art education and activities for children with special needs. This program has been truly transformative for both volunteers and young artists alike!<br /><br />
Our mission is to bring art education to children of underserved communities, and our partnership with CHONC Pediatric Hospital has brought us closer to this commitment. For many children facing health challenges, the ability to express themselves creatively can be incredibly therapeutic. Our program provides a safe and supportive environment where kids can explore their artistic talents, engage with their peers, and experience the joy of creating.<br /><br />
Every Tuesday, Artify volunteers set up a colorful and inviting art space filled with supplies—paints, markers, clay, and more. We design each session around fun, interactive projects that cater to various skill levels and interests. From painting and drawing to crafting and sculpting, each activity is tailored to inspire creativity and encourage self-expression.<br /><br />
Our volunteers are the heart of this program. Each week, they bring their skills, patience, and enthusiasm to support the children. Whether they are experienced artists or just love being creative, our volunteers play a vital role in making each session special. They work one-on-one with children, guiding them through projects and celebrating their unique creations. The experience is equally rewarding for our volunteers, with it being an exciting opportunity to learn from other communities, make friends, and help kids in need. The bonds formed during these art sessions are truly inspiring for everyone involved.<br /><br />
As we look to the future, we invite more passionate individuals to join our mission! Whether you’re an artist, volunteer, or simply someone who loves working with children, your involvement can make a real difference. We’d love to have you as a volunteer to help us expand our program at CHONC Pediatric Hospital and reach even more children in need. If you’re interested in making a positive impact through art, we’d love to hear from you! Sign up to volunteer through the link on our website.
