---
title: 'Hand in Hand with FSH'
date: '2024-11-01'
published: true
---

For the last few months, Artify has partnered with Family Supportive Housing to launch a program designed to empower the children living there through a creative outlet. Our collaboration with FSH began with a shared vision: to create a safe space where children can explore their creativity while coping with the challenges they face in their daily lives. At FSH, many families are navigating difficult circumstances, and we recognized the importance of offering a space for self-expression through art.<br /><br />
Our program at FSH consists of weekly art workshops where kids can engage in various creative activities, from painting and drawing to crafting and sculpture. Each session is designed to be both fun and relaxing, allowing young artists to explore their imagination and tell their stories through their artwork. Our high school volunteers lead the workshops, providing mentorship and guidance while also learning valuable leadership skills themselves. We’ve found that our classes at FSH helped both children and volunteers share their own creative experiences; the students especially have expressed newfound enthusiasm for art, inspiring them to continue creating beyond the classes. Many have formed friendships, gained new skills, and discovered a love for art that they didn’t know they had.<br /><br />
We are truly excited about the future of our program with FSH! Our goal is to expand our reach, introducing more kids to the joy of creating art and helping them build a brighter future. Through collaborations like the one with FSH, we are not just providing art education; we are empowering the next generation to express themselves and create a world where their creative imaginations can thrive. As we look to the future and expand our efforts at FSH, we need passionate individuals to join our mission! If you have a love for art, a desire to make a difference, or simply want to share your skills and creativity with young minds, we invite you to volunteer with Artify. Your time and talent can help inspire the next generation of artists, providing them with valuable tools for self-expression and emotional growth. Whether you’re an experienced artist or just someone who believes in the power of creativity, there’s a place for you in our program.<br /><br />
