---
title: 'On the move: Introducing Artify Chapters!'
date: '2024-08-08'
published: true
---

Since its founding, Artify4Kids has been based mainly in California’s Santa Clara, where we’ve been making strides in bringing art education to underserved communities. Now, we are thrilled to announce that in our efforts to spread our mission, we are now establishing Artify Chapters!<br /><br />
What does this mean? Artify Chapters are branches off of our non-profit that consists of a group of people striving to help young artists learn to express their own creativity. Whether it is a group of 6 people or 50, every chapter is significant and crucial to Artify’s mission. Art is not only a form of expression, but a tool for personal growth and community connection. Children involved in our programs and events are able to thrive in a space of creative freedom, while Artify members and volunteers provide an environment celebrating artistic talent and bringing their community together.<br /><br />
As of the time of this post, two Artify Chapters have been made across the nation, with many more in the making! The expansion to New York and Illinois represents a major leap forward in our mission. These new locations offer exciting opportunities to reach diverse communities and offer more impactful art education programs where they are needed the most. As Artify continues to grow, we look forward to exploring more innovative ways and areas to spread our message with the world. With this, if you are interested in starting your own chapter, reach out to us at artify4kids@gmail.com! All you need to do is bring a team of leaders together, and we’ll provide the rest; we’re eager to help you every step of the way.<br /><br />
The massive success Artify has made would not be possible without the incredible support of our dedicated volunteers, members, and community partners. We are truly grateful for the collective efforts that make our mission achievable. The opening of our NYC and Illinois chapters are just the beginning in our global journey. We’re excited about the opportunities ahead and seeing how our work will positively impact the lives of young artists in these new regions. As we establish new chapters, we look forward to continuing to work closely with more people and organizations who share our passion in sparking inspiration and change.Artify recently hit a huge milestone: we held our very first fundraiser! Last June, we invited families from all over the Bay Area to Raynor Park, where we arranged a great deal of arts and crafts activities for children to enjoy, with many varieties to suit every artistic interest.<br /><br />
